:doctype: book
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:toc: left
:toclevels: 4
:sectlinks:
:stylesheet: src/docs/style.css

include::src/docs/index-link.adoc[]

[[resources-user]]
== User

user is a resource which represents the asset users of Transition Manager.

[[resources-user-list]]
=== Get Users (GET /api/user)

A `GET` request that will list the users as JSON.

==== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/api-user-list/request-parameters.adoc[]

==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/api-user-list/request-headers.adoc[]

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/api-user-list/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/api-user-list/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Response structure
include::{snippets}/api-user-list/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/api-user-list/http-response.adoc[]



=== Get user (GET /api/user/$id)
A `GET` request that will get a user, as JSON.

==== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/api-user-fetch/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/api-user-fetch/request-headers.adoc[]

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/api-user-fetch/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/api-user-fetch/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Response structure
include::{snippets}/api-user-fetch/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/api-user-fetch/http-response.adoc[]



=== Create user (POST /api/user)
A `POST` request will create a new user.

==== Request Parameters/JSON body
include::{snippets}/api-user-create/request-fields.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/api-user-create/request-body.adoc[]

==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/api-user-create/request-headers.adoc[]

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/api-user-create/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/api-user-create/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Response structure
include::{snippets}/api-user-create/response-fields.adoc[]


==== Example response
include::{snippets}/api-user-create/http-response.adoc[]



=== Update user (PUT /api/user/$id)
A `PUT` request will update a user.

==== Request Parameters/JSON body
include::{snippets}/api-user-update/request-fields.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/api-user-update/request-body.adoc[]

==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/api-user-update/request-headers.adoc[]

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/api-user-update/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/api-user-update/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Response structure
include::{snippets}/api-user-update/response-fields.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/api-user-update/http-response.adoc[]



=== Delete user (DELETE /api/user/$id)
A `DELETE` request that will delete a user.

==== Request Parameters
include::{snippets}/api-user-delete/path-parameters.adoc[]

==== Request Headers
include::{snippets}/api-user-delete/request-headers.adoc[]

==== Example request
include::{snippets}/api-user-delete/http-request.adoc[]
include::{snippets}/api-user-delete/curl-request.adoc[]

==== Example response
include::{snippets}/api-user-delete/http-response.adoc[]

include::src/docs/nav-links.adoc[]